1. You can use dotnet --version to discover the C# compiler and language version.

2. The two types of comments in C# are single line comments indicated by // and multi line comments which
are indicated by the /* and */.

3. A verbatim string treats the whole string as a literal string even special characters like {} or 
'. An interpolated string lets you use variables in your string and it will show the value of the variable.
So a verbatim string will treat any variable names as a string value whereas an interpolated string 
will treat variable names enclosed in {} as variables and will substitute the variable's value there.

4. Floating point and double values cannot be represented exactly so if you try to compare equality
sometimes it will not work for example if you try to compare 0.3 == 0.1 + 0.2 you will get false, because 
the value 0.3 and 0.1 cannot be represented exactly as a floating point or double. So not been careful 
will output the wrong results.

5. You can use the sizeof operator to return the number of bytes a type takes in memory. 

6. You should only use the var keyword when the type is obvious to make the code easier to read 
and understand.

7. The newest syntax for creating XmlDocument is as follows: XmlDocument xml3 = new();

8. The dynamic type reduces performance and also the compiler cannot check what the type is during build 
time.

9. You pass the format argument to the Console.WriteLine operation, and more specifically you put the 
{ index [, alignment]}, you put a positive value in the alignment for right-align. 

10. The space character seperates arguments for a console app. 

11. No, you do not do arithmetic operations on a person's phone number.

12. Yes, a person's height may change overtime so you may do addition on a person's height.

13. Yes, a person gets older overtime so you will change the age overtime as well.

14. Yes, when a person gets promoted you will need to modify the salary or when a person gets a bonus
you will need to do addition to the salary.

15. No, once a book's ISBN is set it never changes it is final so there is no reason to store it as a 
number.

16. Yes, you may need to offer discounts in which case you need to do multiplication or you may need to 
buy multiple of a book.

17. No, the book's shipping weight will never change so there is no reason to store it as a number.

18. Yes, a country's population will change overtime so you may need to do a lot of addition, 
subtraction and multiplication.

19. Yes, stars may die and new ones may be born from a supernova so you may need to do arithmetic operations
on the number of stars in the universe.

20. Yes, you may need to hire new employees, fire some employees, and lay off employees so you will need 
to do arithmetic operations on the number of employees in a business. 