1. The name of Microsoft's first dynamic server-sided executed web technology was Active Web Pages or ASP which was released in 
1996, this is important today because ASP executes on the server writing in VBScript language which is useful for VBScript 
developers.

2. Two Microsoft Web servers are called HTTP.sys and Internet Information Service (IIS).

3. A microservice and a nanoservice have several differences: microservices hosted 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year.
Whereas a nanoservice are often inactive and are only active when they are called to reduce costs. Also a single nanoservice is 
similar to a function, whereas a microservice is multiple services that focus on a smaller set of functionalities.

4. Blazor is a framework that lets you use C# and .NET to build user interface interactive components.

5. The first version of ASP.NET Core that should not be hosted on .NET Framework is ASP.NET Core 3.0.

6. An user agent is a client that wants to communicate with a web server.

7. This model has made managing HTTP requests harder for developers as some developers tend to create a new HTTPClient object 
whenever they want to send a new request, this leads to performance issues. 

8. The four components of an URL are: Domain, Port Number, Query String and Path.

9. The Developer tools allows you to analyze the HTTP packets sent to a server such as its size, ports, messages and etc.

10. The three main client-side web development technologies are: ASP.NET Core Razor pages, ASP.NET Core MVC, and Blazor. 
ASP.NET Core Razor pages lets you dynamically generate HTML for simple sites, ASP.NET Core MVC is an implementation of the 
Model-View-Controller design pattern that is popular for developing complex sites, and Blazor is a framework that lets you 
build interactive user interface components with C# and .NET.

11. URI stands for Uniform Resource Identify and it specifies where a resource is and where to locate it.

12. URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator and it is the address of a website.

13. WCF stands for Windows Communication Foundation and it enables developers to build SOAP and REST services.

14. TLD stands for top-level domain and it specifies part of the URL.

15. API stands for Application Programming Interface and it is a set of rules and protocols for difference software applications to 
communicate with each other.

16. SPA stands for Single Page Applications and it is an application based on a single web page.

17. CMS stands for Content Management Systems and it is used for developers to define content structure and templates to provide
good constiency and design.

18. Wasm stands for Web Assembly and it is a portable binary format executable.

19. SASS stands for Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets and it is a CSS-preprocessor that adds features such as variables, nested
rules and mixins to CSS to make it easier to write and maintain style sheets.

20. REST stands for Representational State Transfer and it is an architectural building style for building web services based on 
the principles of the HTTP protocol.